examples/README.md, before:

# examples directory
Example inputs for the ac7maker script

## Example 1
Drums and acoustic guitar in the style of Roy & Nick Lowe. It is an examples of how to use the
"chord_sync" field. In this example, strum and fret-noise sounds from the guitar have
chord syncing turned off so the same sounds are used for any chord. The string notes
are still, as usual, transposed to match the played chord

Parts defined:
  - part 2: BRUSH SET
  - part 5: VERSATILE STEEL GUITAR

Elements defined:
  - intro, variation 1, variation 2, fill 1 & fill 2.

## Example 2
Drums and heavy guitar in the style of King Missile. It shows how arbitrary DSP chains
can be applied using the "dsp" field. In this example,
a Delay effect is followed by Drive to create a guitar echo that fades from heavy distortion
to clean - an effect that can't be achieved with any of the preset DSP chains

Parts defined:
  - part 2: ROOM SET
  - part 5: STEEL STR. GUITAR 4 with custom DSP chain

Elements defined:
  - variation 1, variation 2, fill 1 & fill 2.

## Example 3
A non-musical example for unit-testing a few features. Var1 tests pitch bend with
a french horn bending down a 4th followed by up a 5th. Var2 is pitch bend being
applied to a drum kit creating a melodic "roto-tom" sound. Var3 is for proving the
handling of 12/8 time

Commit message:

Add "example-3" to demonstrate use of lowest_note.
Renumbered the original "example-3". It is now called "example-A" to indicate it's not important.

examples/README.md, after:

# examples directory
Example inputs for the ac7maker script

## Example 1
Drums and acoustic guitar in the style of Roy & Nick Lowe. It is an examples of how to use the
"chord_sync" field. In this example, strum and fret-noise sounds from the guitar have
chord syncing turned off so the same sounds are used for any chord. The string notes
are still, as usual, transposed to match the played chord

Parts defined:
  - part 2: BRUSH SET
  - part 5: VERSATILE STEEL GUITAR

Elements defined:
  - intro, variation 1, variation 2, fill 1 & fill 2.

## Example 2
Drums and heavy guitar in the style of King Missile. It shows how arbitrary DSP chains
can be applied using the "dsp" field. In this example,
a Delay effect is followed by Drive to create a guitar echo that fades from heavy distortion
to clean - an effect that can't be achieved with any of the preset DSP chains

Parts defined:
  - part 2: ROOM SET
  - part 5: STEEL STR. GUITAR 4 with custom DSP chain

Elements defined:
  - variation 1, variation 2, fill 1 & fill 2.

## Example 3
Haydn's "Austria" played on orchestral percussion. It shows how chord syncing can be
applied to drum set instruments using the "lowest_note" specifier. The track is assigned
to a "melody" part (part number 3-8) and recorded in a low octave -- in this case,
C1 - C2. The value of "lowest_note" is 41, causing the track to be transposed to
notes 41-53, suitable for timpani sounds.

Parts defined:
  - part 2: ORCHESTRA SET
  - part 7: ORCHESTRA SET

Elements defined:
  - variation 1, variation 2.

## Example A
A non-musical example for unit-testing a few features.
